AND-147: additional fixes (#58)
RedMadRobot/gears-android: ktx/lifecycle-livedata-ktx/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

### Changes

> - Move `EventQueue` to a separate module and rename it to `ViewModelEvents`. See appropriate [documentation](../../viewmodelevents/README.md)

Reviewer: By the way, have we deleted `EventQueue` and `Event` from this module?
```suggestion
- **Breaking change!** `EventQueue` moved to a separate module and renamed to `ViewModelEvents`. See appropriate [documentation](../../viewmodelevents/README.md)
```

Author: Yes, we did
